hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the 2015
edition of the razor blade now if you
don't know a razor
they make gaming peripherals so things
like headphones headsets keyboards mice
basically anything do with PC gaming
they are all over it and they also make
a line of notebooks called the blades
and the razor blade is one of them now
razors products are usually quite well
made but they also come in at a price
premium and the blade is no exception
so this notebook comes in with a quad HD
touchscreen at gtx 970m 16 gigs of ram
128 gig drive and a 2.6 gigahertz i7 and
all of this coming at $2,200 which is
pretty darn steep for a notebook so I've
had this thing for a week and a half
I've played a lot of games on it
probably more than I should've in the
past week but I just had to do it here's
my review Packaging is definitely one of
Razer strengths they just make their
boxes and package and look super cool
it's a black box with fake carbon fiber
on it and the green accents make it look
like it's something out of Tron and when
you pop that lid that notebook looks
extra cool in there the exterior of the
Razer Blade feels like black anodized
aluminum in terms of the design though
I'm not saying that they ripped off
Apple but they ripped off Apple this
thing looks very similar to a MacBook
the bottom of the notebook is also the
black aluminum feels good now the rubber
feet that run along the length of the
notebook are made of this surprisingly
soft rubber I also tried to peel off the
rubber just to see how good the adhesive
was didn't come off but I didn't try too
hard because it's a review unit and I
really didn't want to damage it the fan
intake is really obvious on the
underside now I'm not sure if this makes
the fans more audible but it did make me
wander like all black colored
electronics fingerprints and dust show
up really easily on this thing but I
don't know something else that was
really weird the texture on the aluminum
is just rough enough that anytime I
touched it with my hands I would
basically leave bits of skin cells all
over it it's kind of gross and weird
right I know my hands are really dry
right now because it's the winter but
every time I touch this thing I was
literally leaving trails of skin on it
it does wipe off really easily with damp
cloth but there's definitely something
about the texture that makes it a little
more abrasive than you might imagine
on the left side of the notebooks
there's a combo headphone microphone
jack 2 USB 3.0 and a hole for the AC
adapter on the other side there's
another USB 3 an HDMI and a lock slot so
if you notice there's no slot for an SD
card now it is a gamer notebook and I
guess gamers don't use SD cards but it'd
be nice to have one in terms of its
height it's very similar to the MacBook
Pro Retina 15 even the thickness of the
screen and the chassis are very similar
between the two so you can see the
overall size of this thing
on the top of the poly we have the
MacBook Air in the middle of the 2015
razor blade and on the bottom is a
MacBook Pro Retina 15 there's no light
indicator to tell you when the AC
adapter has been plugged in you have to
look on screen for that the AC adapter
is 150 watts it's actually bigger than I
thought it would be it's not big by any
means but it's just not super small and
there is a little light on the front to
tell you when it's receiving power from
the wall all in all it's pretty plain
there's an LED on the front of the
notebook that's normally off it pulses
green when it's asleep it lights up red
when it's low on battery and when you
close the lid it lights up white the
chiclet keyboard feels really good I
personally love the keyboard on Mac
books I think they're the gold standard
for notebook keyboards but this one
actually feels better it's not a
mechanical keyboard but it feels more
tactile and clicky than a regular
chiclet keyboard my only real complaint
is the positioning of the directional
keys so if you notice the up and down
arrow are kind of squished together I'm
used to an up arrow that's positioned
higher than my left and right keys but
after using it for a few days I got used
to it I did quite a bit of typing and a
lot of gaming on this thing and I have
to say this is one of the best if not
the best notebook keyboard I've ever
used it feels really good
it also has bright green backlighting
which is kind of cool and you can
control that with 15 levels of
brightness I don't know why you would
need 15 levels of brightness on this
thing but that's what they give you now
Razer markets this keyboard as having
this anti-ghosting feature so if you
don't know what that is that's basically
the ability to press down on a lot of
keys at once so if you're faced rolling
your keyboard in a game you want to make
sure your computer picks up every one of
your keystrokes so I tested the Razer
Blade and it really does have
anti-ghosting I was able to press a ton
of keys down without any problems just
out of curiosity I try this on my
macbook
and I could only get like six or seven
keys down at once now this has never
actually been a problem for me but then
I realized maybe this is why I'm so bad
at games okay enough about keyboards the
trackpad feels really good on this thing
it's got a very similar texture to the
Apple trackpad but it does have the
addition of two physical buttons which I
thought would be really cool but I don't
like it that much now I'm not sure if
it's the quality of the buttons or if
I'm just not used to it but they
actually felt really cheap to me here's
a little clip of what it sounds like
it just feels and sounds really
plasticky to me I don't know
now the quad HD screen on this computer
is really nice it's 14 inches so it's
kind of in the middle of the road but it
looks crisp then the colors look quite
accurate it's hard to capture the
quality of the screen on camera but it
does look really nice now not a big fan
of touchscreen on notebooks and desktops
but it feels just as good as any other
touchscreen notebook I've used so I'm
not sure if you guys noticed in the
earlier footage but this notebook has a
gloss screen that is very reflective and
I thought it was weird at first because
I use a Mac Book Pro regularly and that
thing has a gloss screen as well but I'm
not bothered by the reflections on that
so I couldn't really figure it out at
first and I thought might be screen
brightness or something but it turns out
that the Apple screen has some kind of
coating or a tint of some sort that
reduces the reflection significantly
it's not a huge problem but it's
something to keep in mind if you have a
lot of windows where you would normally
use this thing so obviously I should
devote a section of this review to
gaming here's the thing there's gonna be
a lot of sites and reviews out there
that are going to throw numbers and
benchmarks and framerate and all that
crap
but I'm not going to spend the video
doing that because if you like numbers
and charts are better for a website than
a YouTube video what I can tell you is
this if you want to play games at the
native resolution of 3200 by 1800 you're
going to have a bad time and around 40
frames per second unless you want to
play on really low settings but that's
not a lot of fun but at 1920 1080 games
run really well in this thing and that's
what I played most of my games on and
quite frankly you can't tell that much
of a difference when you're playing on
this screen this size so I'm playing at
1920 by 1080 every single game I played
was running really really well we're
talking 90 frames per second or higher
on pretty high settings and to me that's
friggin awesome this thing is obviously
designed for games and it plays them
really well the one thing I did notice
though is that some games you have to do
a bit of tweaking in the video settings
to get it to display properly now I'm
not sure if that's because the drivers
are immature
or if there's something going on with
Windows 8.1 but in general this thing's
a total dream to play games with there
might be other notebooks that can play
games better but the razorblade looks
really good doing it I just want to
briefly talk about battery life I got
about five and a half hours with light
usage so that's screen at half
brightness just mild web browsing
nothing crazy
five and half hours and watching movies
straight off the Drive I got about four
and a half hours a little bit less than
that
when I was playing heroes of the storm
at max brightness and max settings a
little bit over an hour and a half I
think your mileage might vary depending
on the game you're playing but I imagine
playing a game on battery will get you
one to two hours with the game time
there's a speaker in each side of the
keyboard they sound pretty loud and the
bass actually sounds pretty good for a
notebook speaker here's what they sound
like turned out yeah shoo-shoo I know
that I gotta go we leave Nashville you
see the fans are basically silent when
the computers idle it's around 20
decibels and you can't hear anything
when the computer is doing some moderate
activity like watching youtube videos or
a movie the fan kicks in a little bit
and it's around 30 decibels but when
this thing is going full-tilt in a game
sometimes that fan hits 50 decibels
that's really loud but this computer
gets really hot so it's probably a good
thing okay so to demonstrate this heat
abroad of Fleur 1 which is a thermal
camera from my friend so there's three
notebooks here on the left of the razor
blade in the middle is a dell inspiron
7000 the 15-inch with a 4k screen the
review for that's coming out soon and on
the right is the MacBook Pro Retina 15
now all three of these are running a
benchmark program in the background I
apologize for the grainy footage but you
can see how hot the razor blade gets the
two cool spots on the left and right of
the notebook correspond to the fans now
all three of these notebooks have their
fans going at full blast but you can see
that that razor blade is pretty darn hot
okay so my overall thoughts on the 2015
razor blade let's do a recap it's got a
touchscreen display that's 3200 by 1800
on the inside it's got one of the best
notebook keyboards I've ever used and a
really good trackpad with two physical
buttons the buttons feel kind of cheap
to me but they're there if you want them
the two speakers on the side are loud
and the bass is surprisingly present on
these guys underneath the hood the razor
blades rock on a gtx 970m
with three gigs of video
it's one of the fastest mobile cards in
the market right now and it makes good
use of that quad HD screen the core i7
runs at 2.6 gigahertz it's fast but when
you combine it with that video card this
machine gets really hot but I think
that's the price you have to pay for
mobile performance Razer gives us things
16 gigs of RAM which is plenty for
basically any kind of game you play on
this powering this all is a 70 watt
battery that gives us and kind of modest
battery life and for 2200 bucks razer
gives you all of this and 128 gigs of
solid-state storage but in 2015 a 128
gig drive isn't that spacious you're
probably going to want to bump it up to
256 or more and a 256 configuration is
already coming in at 2400 so it's very
expensive so who is this notebook for if
you are a gamer like a hardcore gamer
and you love games and you need
portability and most importantly you can
afford it this is for you because quite
frankly there's nothing else out there
quite like this an ultra portable
super-powerful gaming notebook anyone
else I suggest you look elsewhere
because there's probably a notebook out
there that's a better fit for you but if
you're going to get this I hope you're
doing some serious gaming while
traveling a lot because that's what it's
for as for me well I'm going to miss it
when I have to send it back to Razer but
I've definitely had my fill of getting
owned at 90 frames per second in dota so
that's it for this review I hope you
guys liked it if you did please hit that
like button or subscribe if you can it
really helps me out and lets me know
which videos you guys liked and stuff
and the dell inspiron 7000 it's sitting
on the floor right there the review is
almost done
I'm just working out some last-minute
details with Dell and if you guys
subscribe you'll see immediately when
that video goes live so sub if you can
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time
you